Su Wanqing, you are really good
Since you are so shameless
Don't blame me for being ruthless
Chu Chu
Let's let it go
People have money, that's people's
Who are we to live?
Isn't it nice now? What do you know?
If it weren't for your incompetence
Am I working so hard?
Forget it if you don't help me
Still saying this here
Blame me for not being able to provide you with a better life
Mom
How did we get through the hard days before?
Have you forgotten?
I don't want to live like being collected every day
The days when dignity was trampled on
Same people
Why can't he be extravagant?
We can't
But but
I think we do
It still doesn't seem right.
So what should be
Should we just stay poor?
Mom, believe me
As long as you listen to me
We can definitely succeed
You have to know that you can only rely on me
Do you understand?
And I don't have to hurt anyone.
I'm just trying to get through some external pressure
Let the monk cherish me well